He still speaks through his faith.
Whoa.
Have you read about Abel?
Even after 6,000 years,
he still speaks to us through his faithful example.
That's incredible.
Especially considering his living situation.
A lot of family drama.
Come on, let's take a look at that account.
Abel's parents were Adam and Eve.
They disobeyed Jehovah and had to leave the paradise
that God made for them.
Abel also had a brother named Kane.
He was angry and violent.
Abel's family were bad examples of faith.
So how did Abel build his faith?
Well, there were cherubs who guarded the way to the garden
where his parents used to live.
Abel could see other creatures who had faith in Jehovah.
So he wasn't alone.
Abel could enjoy the beautiful things Jehovah made
and know God loved him.
And Abel could think about Jehovah's promise
and hope that someday he'd live in paradise.
Even though Abel had a family who did not love Jehovah,
he still saw and heard plenty to help him build faith in God.
That help Abel become Jehovah's friend.
Why not read Abel's story and let his accounts speak to you?
Make time every day to learn from Jehovah's friends.
What do you think?
How did Abel show that he was Jehovah's friend?
How did Abel build his faith in Jehovah?
How could you build your faith?